All right. 101, Feature Extraction.
Feature extraction is what your brain does with you all the time when you look, okay?
So you get, in your retina you get the same coloration effects,
not exactly the same matrix,
but, for the time being, assume it's the same.
And then your visual cortex,
the brain tissue behind your eye all the way to the back of your brain,
goes in and extracts higher and higher-level features all the way to, "This is Sebastian.
This is a stop sign, " okay?
In these layers of feature extraction,
you become more and more abstract.
You're going to start very simple right now,
you're going to look at traffic scenes and extract simple features like,
"Is it daytime, or is it nighttime?"
And you'll be asked to develop, with a software that does this,
as the very first step into making self-driving cars intelligent.
And later on, we're going to give you traffic lights,
and we'll have you extract features from traffic lights.
It's not going to be all of self driving cars, but, hopefully,
you understand how beautiful, and how imaginative,
and how great it is to make a car see.